docs: add details about exporting styles for APF 13 (#2152)
ng-packagr/ng-packagr: docs/copy-assets.md

  }
}
```

## Exporting Styles

> If your copied assets include styles that should be part of your library's public API, they need to be represented in the [`exports`](https://angular.io/guide/angular-package-format#exports) of its `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To do this, you can enumerate all such exports in an `"exports"` object in your base `package.json`.  `ng-packagr` will augment this and merge the additional exports generated from the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When including additional assets like Sass mixins or pre-compiled CSS. You need to add these manually to the conditional "exports" in the package.json of the primary entrypoint.

When including additional assets like Sass mixins or pre-compiled CSS. You need to add these manually to the conditional "exports" in the package.json of the primary entrypoint.

ng-packagr will merge handwritten "exports" with the auto-generated ones, allowing for library authors to configure additional export subpaths, or custom conditions.

```

### Example `package.json`
```json
{
  "name": "your-library",
  "version": "1.2.3",
  "exports": {
    ".": {
      "sass": "./_index.scss"
    },
    "./styles/dark-theme": {
      "sass": "./styles/_dark-theme.scss"
    },

>     "./styles/_dark-theme": {

Reviewer: Can we remove all the exports with `_`? These are due to maintain legacy backwards compatibility in Material but shouldn’t be needed otherwise.

Reviewer: Looks like you missed this comment.

Author: Ah, yep.  Sorry, didn't see that one for some reason.  I'll take care of that now.

Author: All set

      "sass": "./styles/_dark-theme.scss"
    },
    "./styles/light-theme": {
      "sass": "./styles/_light-theme.scss"
    },
    "./styles/_light-theme": {
      "sass": "./styles/_light-theme.scss"
    }
  },
  "peerDependencies": {
    ...
  },
  "dependencies": {
    ...
  }
}
```

> ### Example ngPackage Config

Reviewer: Can we remove the below? The type of config in package.json is deprecated.
